
The established brand is Telsa. Our company name is LightTravel. Our aim is to release a feasible product which can mimic the Telsa product Model S. Our product is an electric-driven vehicle and named LightPlus. Our competing advantages are as follows. First of all, it will help to protect environment as it is an electric-driven vehicle. Secondly, it will improve transport efficiency as high technology has been added to modify the car. Last, since it will be mass-produced, so its price will be relatively low and beneficial for customers to afford it. This report will state the Telsa company’s background and product and our product’s advantage as well as target customer.


1.1	Established brand’s background

Telsa is an American automotive and energy company. It was established in 2003 by a group of engineers who don't want to compromise by driving electric car. In 2008, Telsa launched the first automobile product Roadster and Model S as the second product launched. At present, Telsa has diverse electrine car models that rely on the belief that they have a substantial number of customers and have built a giant brand loyalty.


1.2	  Established brand’s product

In recent years, diverse technologies have contributed a remarkable improvement not only in artificial intelligence but also in the new energy and material field. However, the market doesn't integrate these technologies very well. Model S is at its growth stage, the sales are increasing each year, and apparently a product which is in accordance with the customer's needs will become a perfect choice for them. Although Telsa has built a substantial customer loyalty rely on their well-behaved engine performance, the LightPlus uses artificial intelligence which is safer and smarter navigation in real driving. The only things a driver needs to do is to tell the driving assistant the place you want to go, then the auto-traveler will access the traffic network intelligently choose a short route.


1.3	  Customer profile

Our customers are successful women and men. Those successful people, love travelling and don't want to play attention to driving. The people mostly reside in city and the people who really care about climate should consider. In addition, our target consumer includes who wants to have a comfortable driving experience and delicate interior decoration of a car and the people who want to have an efficient way to their destination especially in large cities. Our product matches the consumer who living in a simple and efficient life norm.
