Section 2

Objective: 		Leave it 
-----
Methodology:	 leave it
-----


Goal:
What were you trying to find out?


2.1Product comparison
Model S as the second product launched,	it must have some unique selling point that more extraordinary than other products in market. Model S has modern shape, and using unconventional electronical engine which is environment friendly, it’s fresh to car market customer. However, our product is more fashionable and well-made in decoration, material, engine technology. When Model s have a run-of-the-mill accident(1), it’s not a rare thing like “peeling, insufficient thickness, and various marring on the doors”(2) that Telsa after-service would spend much time in doing nothing except fixed it and give the customer response. What’s more, Tesla also have stereo problem, which makes map and navigation mostly useless. (3)On the contrary, we confidently announced it’s only happened occasionally, our product driving assistant use the practical artificial intelligence model which is reliable and if Lightplus have any quality problem or be caught in one accident, our after-service would give a priority to repair it. 




2.2 Pricing strategy
•	We choose the Premium pricing strategy and also Optional-feature pricing strategy but give up other strategy. We would against the Telsa company which occupy the substantial market share now. We would Focus on the drawback that exists in Telsa product, which is the inefficiency after-service and the rough car decoration.
•	Due to the cost is impossible to decrease when manufacturing a car that can rival the hot product, keep our product’s unique feature, as an equal or even better.




The Premium pricing strategy is appropriate for our product.
Another reason is the high price can attract our target customer and easily distinguish with the bargain car, and benefits our company making profit.
Also, this is the reason why old-even pricing strategy is not appropriate for our product, when the price in a high level, their decline 20 bulks more or less, seems is tiny and not important for our target costumer.

----


2.3Distribution channel
Telsa -> level 5
Telsa is a big company. It has the own website and own retailing shop. It set manufacture facility in many regions.
We decided to only against the Telsa in one Asia region. Level 4 distribution channel. China is a huge market. At present, their doesn’t have any company alone big in market. There still exists lots of potential customers. Even the company is Telsa, which only occupied a tiny market share percentage in china. (4) Compare with manufacture our product in globe market, focus on the competitive china market, could help us frequently adjust and optimize our product LightPlus. Furthermore, comparing with started in globe market, began in small area can help us realize the real degree of acceptance and decrease the risk that brings from our product defect. 

2.4 Conclusion
Accordioning to the market research result, our product seems it’s feasible in Chinese market. 



Reference
	https://www.fool.com/investing/2017/03/07/repairing-my-tesla-model-s-has-been-an-utter-night.aspx

	https://www.thedrive.com/sheetmetal/9085/why-is-teslas-quality-control-still-so-poor
	https://www.greencarreports.com/news/1115659_tesla-model-3-quality-is-terrible-but-does-it-matter-to-buyers 
	https://cleantechnica.com/2018/12/24/6-3-plug-in-vehicle-market-share-in-china-cleantechnica-electric-car-sales-report/

https://forums.tesla.com/forum/forums/so-disappointed-terrible-paint-quality-peeling
(在新能源技术有重大突破并被投入生产使用之前,通过降低成本来吸引消费者购买我们的产品是极其不合理的.同时,这种降价策略,只会对我们的消费者产生消极的影响,对于成功的社会中上层人士而言,大多数人宁愿多花一两千,来选择一个靠谱的产品,提升自己的舒适感和安心感,而不是忍受粗糙的产品风格 和迟迟无人回应的槽糕售后服务. (Optional-feature pricing strategy)
2.2)

(在中国这个竞争十分激烈的市场,不断的优化自己的产品.相比于全球市场,先小范围的实现,能及时的了解我们的产品在市场上的接受程度,降低因产品缺点带来的风险.2.3)

(有多少人表示(百分比) 如果想要购买一辆电动车,最不能忍受的是糟糕的质量问题,以及日常使用时带来的低便利性.有多少人表示愿意尝试我们的产品.有多少人表示在汽车性能以及质量相差不大的情况下,会着重考虑汽车的外形 颜色 以及车饰 售后.obviously, our product is feasible in the marketplace.)2.4

